Add Svelte Summit Fall to calendar (#2132)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/calendar/2023-11-11-svelte-summit.md

---
title: "Svelte Summit Fall"
image: "/assets/images/calendar/2023-11-11-svelte-summit/sveltesummit.jpg"
location: "Online"
url: https://www.sveltesummit.com/
kind: summit
color: aqua
---

> Svelte Summit is an event dedicated to Svelte and everything that is happening
> in the community. We are joining the event as Gold Sponsors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Svelte Summit is an online conference dedicated to Svelte and everything that is happening
in the community. We are supporting the event as a Gold Sponsor.
```

sounds a bit less repetitive
